---

Copyright 2012-2013 xtUML.org

---

xtUML Project Design Note  
Formalizing Reflexive Association have no clear connection between association 
end and attribute

1. Abstract
-----------
 When formalizing reflexive associations, there is no clear connection between 
the formalizing attribute and the association end.

 For Reflexive associations with associative classes, formalizing results in two 
attributes with the same name in the association class. There is no possibility 
to connect each attribute to the association end without running the Verifier.

 Therefore, the formalizing dialogue should be introduced when formalizing 
reflexive associations, requesting a prefix to be set for each end. This 
dialogue must indicate which end of the association the respective attribute 
points to.

2. History
----------
None.

3. Document References
----------------------
[1] ClearQuest DEI dts0100835691 - Formalizing Reflexive Association have no 
	clear connection between association end and attribute

4. Background
-------------
None.

5. Requirements
---------------
None.	

6. Analysis
-----------
6.1  When formalizing reflexive associations, there is no clear connection 
	between the formalizing attribute and the association end.
	 For Reflexive associations with associative classes, formalizing results 
	in two attributes with the same name in the association class. There is 
	no possibility to connect each attribute to the association end without 
	running the Verifier.

6.2  The user shall be able to add a prefix for each class identifier in both
	binary and linked relations.
	
6.3  The prefix provided by user using formalizing window shall be added to 
	the suitable class identifier.
	
6.4  Entering class identifier prefix during association formalization process
	is optional.
   
7. Design
---------
7.1 Add text box in binary and linked formalizing wizard for each model class
	identifier.

7.2 Change the referential identifier "Prefix Mode" to <Prefix>  and "Attribute
	Name Prefix" to the user entered value.
	
8. Design Comments
------------------
None.

9. Work Required
----------------
Fully outlined in the design section.

10. Unit Test
------------
10.1 Core Junit tests shall pass.

10.2 Add new manual test that does the following : 
    - Add identifier prefix during formalizing a binary association
    _R the referential identifier prefix model shall be set to "Prefix" with
    	correct prefix value
    - repeat the previous step with reflexive binary association, linked 
    association , and reflexive linked association.	
     

End
---

