---

Copyright 2012 xtUML.org

---

xtUML Project Design Note
A non-polymorphic event can be generated to an instance of a sub-class.

1. Abstract
-----------
Parser does not report error for generated non-polymorphic event to an instance
of a sub-class.

2. History
----------
None.

3. Document References
----------------------
[1] ClearQuest DEI dts0100688535 -  A non-polymorphic event can be generated to 
	an instance of a sub-class.


4. Background
-------------
None.

5. Requirements
---------------
5.1 Parser shall not allow generating event to instance state machine that does 
	not contain this event.

6. Analysis
-----------
6.1 Parser validates event generation by comparing the state machine that
	holds this event and the state machine of the targeted instance. 
	If matched, then syntax is correct.
	If not matched, and the event belongs to a state machine of superType of
	the targeted instance, then Parser assumes it is polymorphic event which is 
	not always correct.
	
	Parser shall check in this case if the event is polymorphic or not. If the 
	event is polymorphic then syntax is correct, otherwise reports parser error.

7. Design
---------
7.1 In Functions::OAL Validation Utility Functions::OAL Validation Utility 
	Functions::process_instance_event, add check for polymorphic event 
	when the event belong to state machine of SuperType for the targeted 
	instance. If the event is not polymorphic report parser error :  
	"Supertype event <event_label> is not polymorphic"
	
8. Design Comments
------------------
None.

9. Work Required
----------------
Fully outlined in the design section.

10. Unit Test
------------
10.1 Parser JUnit tests must pass.

10.2 Add new parser test cases that do the follow :
	_- Import a model with Generalization association, and state machine for 
	both super and subType model classes, with polymorphic and non-PE  events
	
	_- Parser OAL code that send PE to subType instance 
	_R no parser error
	_- Parse OAL code that send superType non-PE event to subType instance
	_R parser error
	
End
---

