---

Copyright 2012-2013 xtUML.org

---

xtUML Project Design Note  
Not possible to assign a polymorphic event in a class SM if the supertype class is imported


1. Abstract
-----------
It's not possible to assign a polymorphic event to a transition in a class SM if 
the supertype class is imported.
This note resolves this issue. 

2. History
----------
None.

3. Document References
----------------------
[1] dts0100948048- Not possible to assign a polymorphic event in a class SM if 
	the supertype class is imported

4. Background
-------------
None.

5. Requirements
---------------
5.1 Assign polymorphic events should not rely whether the superType class is 
	imported or not.

6. Analysis
-----------
6.1 When assign events to a transition, the tool looks for valid state machine
events that is contained by the same package as the selected transition.  
The problem can be seen in CME_Functions::SM_TXN_GenericPackageAssignEvent, the 
selection on line 31 v1.55 is using only the machines from classes under the 
transitions package.  

6.2 There are two approaches to resolve this issue:   
6.2.1 Query for all state machines of the superType classes  for selected 
	transition model class, beside the local state machine and then check for
	valid events to be assigned to the selected transition.  
	
6.2.2 Collect all visible state machines for the selected transition model class
	and check for valid events to be assigned to the selected transition.  

6.3 Due to the limitation in OAL (no support to add/remove instance reference
 	from instance reference set) and code generation customization in the
 	dialog wizard context. The second approach is taken, although it has worst 
 	performance than first approach, this impact delayed time between clicking
 	"Assign Event" label and pop up the wizard dialog.

7. Design
---------
7.1 Use Collect visible elements to query for all available state machines
	instead of querying for state machines in the same package with the selected
	transition. 

8. Design Comments
------------------
None

9. Work Required
----------------
Fully outlined in the design section

10. Unit Test
------------
10.1 Run All Core Junit tests.  
10.2 Add new test cases for assigning polymorphic events to the following conditions
	- Imported  SuperType, normal SubType
	- SuperType, Imported SubType
	- Imported SuperType, Imported SubType
	And count the available events to be assigned for verification.
	 

End
---

